Didn't you say that your Zhao family has a lot of trump cards?
What is this woman talking about?
Don't think I don't know
I abandoned the King of Chu for an old man
presumably
It's because the old man behind you and I are old
Uncle knows him, so uncle will give him face
Shut your mouth
I pulled your tooth
Brother-in-law, this stinky woman dares to hit me
You call
Then don't come to clean him up
It was hit just now.
Tiger is on his way now
You are dead.
Is the Beishan Tiger very powerful?
I thought...
What's so great about you lying to women?
It turned out to be just a golden song
My Frog
I don't even know the name of Tiger Lord Beishan
That is a more powerful character than Nanshan Wolf
Even the manager of Red Star will be willing to see him
I'll watch when Master Tiger comes
I can't live and I can't die
The Northern Mountain Tiger is just a stinky fish seller
It's worth exaggerating.
It's ridiculous
You woman is so brave
Tiger Lord hates it the most when people say he is a stinky fish seller
You're dead meat!
I said he was a stinky fish seller. What's the matter?
Who is tired of living and dares to talk wildly to me Beishan Hukou